DOCS-8828 enable inbound traffic prereq info (#285)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-adv-tls-context.adoc

You must perform the following configuration steps prior to adding a TLS context to a secrets group:

*** Have a TLS certificate with the desired Common Name set to route traffic to Runtime Fabric.

.... Create a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) for a Certificate Authority (CA). To streamline this step, larger organizations have a portal/internal service that provides certificate signing from a CA or might repurpose existing certificates. If neither of the previous options are available, follow the steps required by your CA to obtain your certificate, which usually includes the following tasks:

..... Submit a CSR to CA signing order. All domains/subdomains for serving traffic must be included in the Subject Alternative Name (SAN).
..... Prove domain ownership (DV certificates) or complete the necessary background checks for the certificate level.
..... Download the certificate and CA path (signing path) from your CA.
.... Review domains associated with the  (SAN) in your certificate. Many clients, including most browsers, only return a lock icon, which indicates a verified TLS connection, if the URL matches a domain in the SAN field of the certificate. 

> .... Be prepared to add or update the DNS routing record to send traffic to the external load balancer IP address or addresses that front the Runtime Fabric instance. This is the final step needed to cut in or cut over traffic.

Reviewer: I think these are the lines we decided to remove until we can put together a more comprehensive doc on certificates.

Author: Thank you! My notes didn't catch all the conversation. I've removed this.

*** Be able to create or configure an external TCP load balancer to manage traffic to applications running in Runtime Fabric:

.... Gather all IP addresses of controller or dedicated nodes (depending on the configuration you choose during installation) that can be reached by the external TCP load balancer. These IP addresses may not be known until you complete the Runtime Fabric installation. For smaller traffic loads, controller nodes can be shared for cluster administration and inbound traffic TLS termination. For larger traffic loads, use dedicated nodes. The controller and dedicated nodes must have IP addresses that cn be reached (are routable and allowed at applicable firewalls) by the external load balancer. Otherwise, traffic cannot be routed from the load balancer to Runtime Fabric. 
.... Know the domain or domains to be used for routing traffic to your applications.
.... Understand that you need to configure an external load balancer to proxy the TCP protocol. The load balancer does not terminate TLS but does allow Runtime Fabric to do so.

> *** Be able to configure the DNS settings to associate domains that are signed in the TLS certificate to the IP address or addess(es) served by the external load balancer.

Reviewer: These lines are true for anyone enabling inbound traffic with a certificate, even if that certificate doesn't come from Secrets Manager.

Author: Thank you - moved this to the other topic - please see if it looks OK.

= Import a TLS Context from Secrets Manager (Advanced)
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> If your environment has specific security requirements or requires advanced configuration, you can import a TLS context from the secrets manager.

Reviewer 2: I understand this procedure to be used when there's a certificate that's already stored in the secrets manager that the user wants to use. 

Unless there are additional scenarios that this method supports which are not supported with the direct cert import method from within the RTF UI, we could re-word this sentence accordingly.

Reviewer 3: Client Authentication is one of the scenarios not supported, and anything that requires a truststore, selecting particular ciphers or TLS suites, certificate pinning, TLS connection overrides, etc.

Author: I added a few extra words here to include Chris' examples.

== Prerequisites

> You must have the following permissions to enable inbound traffic to Runtime Fabric:

Reviewer 2: Given the change in topic, we should consider rewording this to something like "to import a TLS context from secrets manager"

Author: Good catch - I updated the sentence.

> = Import a TLS Context from Secrets Manager (Advanced)

Reviewer 4: ditto re. title parentheses

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> If your environment has specific security requirements or requires advanced configuration, you can import a TLS context from the secrets manager.

Reviewer 4: Import to...where?

> == Before You Begin

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
== Prerequisites
```
Per standardizing Task topic content, titles, and other wordings.

You must have the following permissions to enable inbound traffic to Runtime Fabric:

> 

Reviewer 4: Are the following names of access types or categories of access?
Can we make them parallel and still have them flow naturally from "You must have the following permissions...:"?

* Grant access to secrets
* Manage Secret Groups
* Read secrets metadata
* Write secrets

> These permissions are available from the Secrets Manager tab in Anypoint Access Management.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can obtain these permissions from the *Secrets Manager* tab in Anypoint Access Management.
```

> 

Reviewer 4: This is where we need the == Steps boilerplate Task template title, to distinguish the steps from the prerequisites. 
Otherwise, the steps are part of the prerequisites subtopic....
```suggestion
== Steps 
```

. From Anypoint Platform, select *Access Management*.
+
If you do not have access to *Access Management*, ask your organization admin (system administrator) to provide the "Manage Runtime Fabrics" permission to your user. If you have access, execute the following steps to add the permission:
. Select *Users*.
. Locate the row containing your username and then select the blue link in the *Username* column.

> . In the *Runtime Manager* tab, enable the *Manage Runtime Fabrics* permission for your Runtime Fabric environment:

Reviewer 4: This is very confusing.

The first step is to select *Access Management*, but then we go on to say...:
- If you don't have access to AM, get it
- If you do have access, add the permission? 
Permission to what? Access Management or Manage Runtime Fabrics?

Would it not be simpler to make access to Access Management a prereq?

Reviewer 4: Or this:

```suggestion
. From Anypoint Platform, select *Access Management*.
+
If you do not have access to *Access Management*, ask your organization admin (system administrator) to provide the "Manage Runtime Fabrics" permission to your user.
. Select *Users*.
. Locate the row containing your username and then select the blue link in the *Username* column.
. In the *Runtime Manager* tab, enable the *Manage Runtime Fabrics* permission for your Runtime Fabric environment:
```

Reviewer 4: Do we need to specify "blue" for a link? Isn't that standard?

.. Select *Environment* and then select your environment from the list.
.. In the *Permissions* section, select *Select access*.
.. Select *Select all*.
+

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 4: This heading is probably not necessary.
We could also make it a prereq to be aware that this task might take as many as five minutes to take effect.

It can take up to five minutes for any permissions you add to propagate.

> == Add a TLS Context to a Secrets Group

Reviewer 4: Now that I reach this task, I am further confused: was the previous task steps to meet the prerequisites?
I was under the impression that it was steps to import the context, and so was startled to see that this topic is a prereq to importing.

We need to clarify the hierarchy:

= Import.... (to Runtime Fabric from Secrets Manager)
Importing requires that you obtain required permissions, add a context, import that context, and understand TLS support in Runtime Fabric.
== obtain permissions
== add context
== import 
== RTF support for

Reviewer 4: You might not have time for this reorg, if it makes sense, so I have only copyedited the rest, so that you can publish quickly. But do consider the reorg/clarification going forward, and attempt to apply the Prerequisites and Steps boilerplate sections.

Before you can import the TLS context from the secrets manager, you must add a TLS context.

Adding a TLS context to your secrets group involves supplying a name, target, security information, version, keystore, and, optionally, truststore. 

> 

Reviewer 4: === Prerequisites?
=== Steps?

> . In the *Secret Groups* list view, select the secrets group to which you want to add a TLS context. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. In the *Secret Groups* list, select the secrets group to which you want to add a TLS context. 
```

. Select *TLS Context* in the menu on the left, and click *Add TLS Context*. 

> . In the Create TLS Context screen, add the required information:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. In the *Create TLS Context* screen, add the required information:
```

Reviewer 4: What follows looks more like it should be substeps than a bulleted list.
And it should not contain references to information located elsewhere.
Consider a format like...:
. In the...add the required information: (step, followed by five substeps)
.. For *Name*, provide a name for your context.
.. For *Target*, select *Anypoint Security*...
.. For *TLS Version*, make no changes to the preselected options.
.. From the *Keystore* list, select...
.. Optionally, select an expiration date from *Expiration Date*.
. Optionally enable... (back to primary steps)
. Optionally select...
. Click *Save*.

+
* *Name* +
Enter a name for your TLS context. 
* *Target* +
Select *Anypoint Security* to validate the SSL handshake for Runtime Fabric. 
* *TLS Version* +
By default, TLS 1.2 and TLS 1.3 are selected. +

> For information about the advantages of TLS 1.3, see <<tls_support_rtf,TLS Support on Runtime Fabric>>.

Reviewer 4: Clarify: what are we recommending that the user do here? keep the preselections?

Reviewer 4: Also...I now see that the info needed to do whatever the user is supposed to do here contained in the final subtopic, below. 
If the user must make a decision here based on information that follows, then that information becomes a prereq, I believe....

* *Keystore* +
From the drop-down list, select the keystore to store the TLS context. +

> For information about adding a keystore to the secrets manager, see xref:anypoint-security::asm-secret-group-creation-task#add_keystore.adoc[Create a Secrets Group]. +

Reviewer 4: ditto

You can select keystores that are either PEM or non-PEM types. 
* Optionally select a truststore to which to add the TLS context if you are using a truststore to store certificates trusted by the client. +
A truststore is required if you are going to enable client authentication.
* *Expiration Date* +
Optionally select the expiration date for the certificate.
. Optionally xref:anypoint-security::enable-client-authentication.adoc[enable client authentication]. 
. Optionally xref:anypoint-security::cipher-suites.adoc[select ciphers]. 
. Click *Save*.

[[import_tls_rtf]]
== Import a TLS Context to Runtime Fabric

> 

Reviewer 4: After obtaining the proper permissions and adding..., you are ready to import your added TLS context to Runtime Fabric

Reviewer 4: === Prerequisites?
=== Steps

. In *Runtime Manager > Runtime Fabrics > Inbound Traffic > Add certificates*, select *Import from Secrets Manager*.
+

> This option imports a TLS context from the secrets manager, and supports advanced configuration such client authentication (mutual authentication), selecting ciphers, and selecting TLS versions.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This option imports a TLS context from the secrets manager and supports advanced configuration such authenticating a client (mutual authentication), selecting ciphers, and selecting TLS versions.
```

> . Select the environment the secrets group that contains the TLS context is associated with.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. Select the environment that the secrets group that contains the TLS context is associated with.
```

. Select the secrets group where the TLS context is configured.
. Select the TLS context to use for Runtime Fabric. +

> You can click *View Details* to see details of the TLS context you are importing. 

Reviewer 4: Consider making this a final step:
```suggestion
. Optionally click *View Details* to see details of the TLS context you are importing. 
```
Is this view static or does it show what is happening during the import?
Are we missing a step to actually start the import?

Reviewer 4: BREAK here to submit work to get started.

Reviewer 4: RESTART here

[[tls_support_rtf]]

> == TLS Support on Anypoint Runtime Fabric

Reviewer 4: See previous comments about clarifying the step involving TLS version selection.
This info is really a prereq to the task of importing; this topic needs restructuring to accommodate that.

> OpenSSL 1.1.1 and TLS 1.3 provide the following security enhancements and performance improvements over TLS 1.2:

Reviewer 4: Why do we introduce OpenSSL here when we refer only to TLS 1.2 and TLS 1.3 in the task?

> * 2x or greater TLS 1.2 connection performance throughput boost over an earlier Runtime Fabric internal load balancer running on OpenSSL 1.0.2

Reviewer 4: Reword to clarify: how is this an improvement over TLS 1.2, and why are we mentioning OpenSSL 1.0.2?
The wording to clarify improvement would be...:
```suggestion
* Twice the connection throughput (of TLS 1.2? and) a Runtime Fabric internal load balancer running on OpenSSL 1.0.2
```

Reviewer 4: Remember, the intro sentence ends with "the following security enhancements and performance improvements over TLS 1.2:" and so the bullet items must work grammatically with that intro.

> * Reduction of one round trip in a full handshake for TLS 1.3 vs. TLS 1.2

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Reduction of one round trip in a full handshake
```

> * Added TLS 1.2 and TLS 1.3 ChaCha20-Poly1305 ciphers for better mobile and IoT device support

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* ChaCha20-Poly1305 ciphers for better mobile and IoT device support
```

> * TLS 1.3 protection against downgrade attacks

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Protection against downgrade attacks
```

> * Continued support for both RSA and ECDSA keys

Reviewer 4: This is not an improvement.

> * Removal of obsolete and insecure features from TLS 1.2 and TLS 1.1. +

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Removal of obsolete and insecure features +
```

> See xref:release-notes::anypoint-security/anypoint-security-rtf-edge.adoc[Anypoint Security Edge Release Notes] for a list of supported and deprecated ciphers.

Reviewer 4: Quote the title but move the live link to See Also/Related Information.

> The TLS 1.3 protocol is enabled by default for those clients that support it.

Reviewer 4: This should be stated in the introduction to the list and the step of the task that involves versions should be clarified.

= Import a TLS Context from Secrets Manager (Advanced)
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

If your environment has specific security requirements or requires advanced configuration, you can import a TLS context from the secrets manager.

== Prerequisites

You must have the following permissions to enable inbound traffic to Runtime Fabric:

* Grant access to secrets
* Manage Secret Groups
* Read secrets metadata
* Write secrets

> If you do not have access to *Access Management*, ask your organization admin (system administrator) to provide the "Manage Runtime Fabrics" permission.

Reviewer 3: It is redundant to ask users to add "Manage Runtime Fabrics". This is a Pre-Req for RTF and not particular to a Secrets Manager TLS Context.

Author: Removed this - thank you!
